submit=Submit
action=Action

driverList=List of JDBC Drivers
driverDetail=JDBC Driver Details
drivers=Drivers
driverName=Driver Name
driverClass=Driver Class
driverJarFile=Driver JAR File
driverCreate=Create Driver

connectionList=List of Connections
connectionDetail=Connection Details
connectionName=Connection Name
connectionUrl=Connection URL
connectionUsername=Username
connectionPassword=Password
connectionCreate=Create Connection
connectionTest=Test Connection

queryjobList=Query Job List
queryjobDetail=Query Job Detail
queryjobName=Job Name
queryjobConnection=Connection
queryjobCron=Cron Schedule
queryjobQuery=SQL Query
queryjobRecipients=Recipients
queryjobMailSubject=Subject
queryjobOutputFormat=Output Format
queryjobTemplate=Email Template
queryjobCreate=Create Query Job
queryjobTest=Preview
queryjobInvokeNow=Invoke
queryjobCronDesc=The sub-expression are separated with white-space, and represent:\
	<ol>\
	<li>Seconds</li>\
	<li>Minutes</li>\
	<li>Hours</li>\
	<li>Day-of-Month</li>\
	<li>Month</li>\
	<li>Day-of-Week</li>\
	<li>Year (optional field)</li>\
	</ol>\
	An example "0 0 12 ? * WED" means "every Wednesday at 12:00:00 pm".

queryjobTemplateDesc='We use Mustache to render email contents.  Possible variables are:\
	<ul>\
	<li>header (HTML/CSS styles)</li>\
	<li>body (HTML table results)</li>\
	<li>count (No. of Records)</li>\
	</ul>\
	Default is {{{header}}}{{{body}}}'


dashboard=System Dashboard
dashboardRunning=Running Jobs
dashboardRouteID=Route ID
dashboardNoRunningJobs=No Running Jobs
